Use simple PR rather than 2/3 vote to graduate projects from incubation (#591)
openjs-foundation/cross-project-council: PROJECT_PROGRESSION.md

        (ex. perhaps a different foundation would be a more suitable endeavor.)
   * Discussion/agreement between applicant, application manager and Foundation media team to agree on announce date.
1. Project goes through process of adhering to [on-boarding checklist](#onboarding-checklist).

> 1. Project files an issue in this repository requesting its charter to be reviewed by the CPC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Project completes a charter review process by the CPC as outlined in the [CPC Governance](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/cross-project-council/blob/master/GOVERNANCE.md#approving-project-charters). NOTE: this process takes two weeks to complete
```

> 1. Project graduates from incubation by a pull request closing the charter review issue and adding it to the README.md file at its appropriate initial stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Project graduates from incubation by a pull request adding the project to the README.md file at its appropriate initial stage. The merging of this pull request proceeds as any other pull request to the README.md file.
```

- [ ] Publish Project Charter on website or GitHub
- [ ] Update legal copyright notice on project website and GitHub
- [ ] Add OpenJS Foundation logo to project website

> - [ ] Add Project logo to OpenJS Foundation website

Reviewer 2: This should be "update the README" instead.

Author: Added a separate action item to the checklist clarifying this.
